how
m
[Music]
hello william stone the on williams and
today I'm going to show you how
to do as soon as a crisis that which then
they are simply
come down what are we going to do with
ice cream and chocolate cookies
it's very well known and a lot in summer that
in the United States or everywhere
elsewhere
you're going to see on stage is going to be very
easy and fast since I'm going
use ice that is already all
done but you can also use
any kind of ice cream and make
everything yourself
in any case you'll see it's going to be
super good elsewhere for the ice cream that
chris owens we will need already for
the basis of one of the chocolate cookies of
200 g of sweet butter at temperature
very important ambient that it is to
ambient temperature
here the 210 g icing sugar a
teaspoon of natural extract of
vanilla powder or liquid no matter
two spouses from here I have 65 grams
cocoa powder so 100% cocoa
a pinch of salt and finally 280 g of
normal flour and in this verse
start by beating the heart alone
for a few seconds per m
I'm going to do it's simply
now totaled icing sugar since
he tends to see a lot of humor
which I prefer to sift all and I
mix again for about a
minute until I have a mix
light and homogeneous, so that's
perfect good homogeneous mixture
I add but two yellows of France and
although the good salads and if ever
you do not have a year you like me seen
that here I have one may be neutral in
silicone so that allowed to be remembered
homework at the same time what is
perfect but to remember
still the edges of the highway
salad bowl so now I sift well
mixture of cocoa powder and flour
and salt simply jalisca the
cocoa powder has hugely higher
even more than you have there so it is
really needed the tanner and I
indoor mix times then like
you can see a mix and well
eat and it smells super good now
I clean my management at the doxa you
can see my preparation is good
homogeneous but not thick enough for
form cookies so now its
case is to use a film
food like everything in my recipe
millions of cookies is what I'm going
to do so is to deposit my preparation
only food films like this
so that's perfect now I
will spread it on a fairly thin layer
for my preparation to harden
quickly and below the face and
put in the preflower during
about an hour until the dough
to cookies is very hard too
can he then went on roll to
pastry
then not made the cut he of course if
in the fridge for about two
hours so it's perfect
so now what am I doing with a
rolling pin and a little bit of
flour we do not stick it I'm going all
simply spread the cookie dough on
a few millimeters so about 2 to 3
mm and then we discover to cookies a
once your dough is well said go
you will have a drink for example
and you go cuts and your
cookies so just like those
ci as well as you will drop them on
a baking sheet covered with paper
sulfurized 48 what I see is all
just a few laps with the tip
a fork because it will make your
pity she very nice once he
will have cooked and once I will have to
cut everything slips so I'm going to them
cook in the oven preheated to 180
degrees celsius for about ten
minutes or until the edges and
he cooked well and then I made them
rest completely so we can
to form our sandwiches that kelly during
I also have a big flat dish that
perfect for making this kind of recipes
to automate a baking tray
quite deep
at this point or any mold whatsoever
and we see what we are going to dance to
tackle the dessert class
where work to buy ice cream
of a trade or so do it yourself
even
this time I bought site and
faster for simple but
frankly do not hesitate to do it
you yourself will be really better and
at least you'll be proud to have
make the dessert in its entirety
so now if you are going to do
to dance and to the east of class here I
have a liter but I also have more
none where I think I'm going to have
need in the ice es5 we wanted
go with your husband or spatula up
you have a good thickness
so now that I have a
very uniform layer what I did to
to put my ice
freezer again during
about an hour the time but they
cool
then we will do the assembly then
now that everything is ready to do
our her soft cookies is now
time to tackle the assembly
since I loved couquet what they have
performed two minutes and they are very
well as you can see you
go see that they will start to
crack on the sides once they
are running away so this is really the
moment
then to get them out of the oven here I
the race spirit so the multicolor so
his beautiful big competitions that's
buy them in the united states you can
very well use anything we
do to decorate golden pieces
to the cuts and our pic ans
experience like that to chocolate has
really do what you want from
anyway so now we're going
start with an assembly of a
obviously what am I going to do in
do is do it with the same size
will have that cookies of course to him
is just cutting and
youth like that
and then I learn harper filed
on a bone of cookies and jose where all
in our copy like those here and there in
Swiss one green is simply
rolling my goal which in mesrine rumbles
like these is then you have
your cheese album that is sometimes like
this one asks for soybeans
all my liquid sandwiches is
exactly like this one are going very well
vary the different pleasures m
people's flavors and I stayed that way
today like these is then I
I will not stop with you
so everything but is a waitress
are ready I put them about two
banking risk freezer hours
of us again and then I went out to
intimacy for not that I break a
tooth eating because my
freezer is very strong and here is the
result
Do not hesitate to customize it
must because a ghz sandwich then
to call them like that by putting
dead all of renault for example the
tailors of your decor to change the
ice cream that you use in the center
used my ice recipes by
example of butter ice cream
peanut osorio to the kinder bueno by
example I made all these videos so
you have never seen them before
not to be careful the chain
Youtube
in any case it was as simple as that
[Music]
Norman not really the blow of the
dialysis chocolate super good with a
mass in the future the little hungers cause
music of the hour just to add a
small and the microphone when it's perfect the
consistency of taste which is great so
it was as simple as that the recipe
is on my blog william kate moss
football like think about subscribing to
this youtube channel to receive
all new videos
instantly
I have a facebook twitter account and
instagram will find you on these
social networks and subscribe to its
accounts
the links often the description of the
video a cop the ingredients for the
recipe and I see myself in the
next video turns on
[Music]